Adds new section to Elastic fundamentals (#3745)
elastic/docs-content: get-started/index.md

If you prefer a deep dive where you can learn at your own pace, check out our six-part [Beginner's Crash Course to {{stack}}](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL_mJOmq4zsHZYAyK606y7wjQtC0aoE6Es) on YouTube.

## Other resources 
Check out these additional resources to learn and explore other areas of Elastic: 

* Check out **[Deploy and manage](/deploy-manage/index.md)** to learn how to deploy and manage all aspects of your Elastic environment.
* Refer to **[Manage data](/manage-data/index.md)** to understand how to ingest and manage data stored in {{es}}. 

> * Read **[How to use the documentation](/get-started/howto-use-the-docs.md)** to discover how our documentation is organized, find the right version information for your products, and understand how to contribute to our community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Deploy and manage](/deploy-manage/index.md)**: Learn how to deploy and manage all aspects of your Elastic environment.
* **[Manage data](/manage-data/index.md)**: Learn how to ingest and manage data stored in {{es}}. 
* **[How to use the documentation](/get-started/howto-use-the-docs.md)**: Understand how our documentation is organized, find the right version information for your products, and learn how to contribute.
```

Reviewer: nit: I'd streamline this for parallel structure :)
